@PlaneShift Team at Azure Spirit 0.6.0 Release (released November 2013)

&Project Leader, Director

Luca "Talad" Pancallo, for building a great team to make a dream come true, and 12 years continuous leadership.

&Client and Server engine

Stefano "weltall" Angeleri, for very important contributions on engine side, new features and constant improvement of the game, maintenance of test server, producing all our final binaries.

Andrea "Lucubro" Rizzi, for the implementation of musical instruments and score, plus other sound engine fixes.

Anders "Magodra" Reggestad, for magic system implementation, NPC AI, tribes and a lot more.

Joe "Eredin" Lyon, for the new shortcut bar, active magic window, and many bug fixes.

Ralph "Jilare" Campbell, for improving memory management, removing memory leaks, bug fixes.


&Settings

Mordaan, for new quests and books, quest chains reorganization, spellchecking and more.

Venalan, for new quests and books, NPC dialogues, NPC lore, work on quest chains.

Taya, for many quests and books, NPC dialog and descriptions, settings item placement, and testing.

Cirerey, for Klyros history books, new quests

Giacomo "drJack" Mariani, for the wizard quests, overall background ideas, and factions.

Mariana, Laggninja, and Teshia for writing books.


&2D Art

Sergios "Cale" Daskarolis, for the models and textures of new hydlaa plaza and nolthrir model.

Jerome "Tuux" Ornech, for spells effects and textures.

Maria "Renepolumorfous" Dedevesi, for the new Azure Spirit splash screen.

Alex "Zalk" Constantino, for the molthrir plate armor.

&3D Art

Sergios "Cale" Daskarolis, for the models and textures of new hydlaa plaza and nolthrir model.

Jerome "Tuux" Ornech, for new wands geometry and textures.

Arco "Arcooo" Mul, for lava cave model.

Alex "Zalk" Constantino, for the molthrir plate armor.

&Rules

Davide "eonwind" Vescovini, for extensive work on crafting rules, in particular alchemy and herbalism and for improving the NPCs scripted AI.

George "Tuathanach" Parkinson for expanding crafting rules for rare metal weapons and Mace Making.

Eddie "Rheos" Payne for expanding crafting rules for cooking fish dishes.

&Music and sounds

Jerome "Tuux" Ornech, for environment sounds, spells sounds, creatures sounds, nice videos and good french accent.

Richard Ludlow and the Berklee College of Music, for the amazing 60 minutes ambiance background music.

Video Symphony team, for the great contributions of sounds and voiceovers.

Ruslan "Ellarion" Perezhilo, for travel songs, death jingles and lot of nice sounds.

Jiri "GeorgeD" Ptacek, for death realm song, victory jingles and lot of nice sounds.

Bruno "CyberMozart" Largarde, for the main theme, intro songs and battle theme.

Thanks to Kevin Budd for providing the flute sounds.

&Game Masters

Casey "Sarva" Kerrigan, for his work as GM Team Leader, constant presence in game, support of our events, and coordination of GM activities

The GM Team: Sarva, Daxa, Sarko, Gythul, Pathogatha for holding events, answering petitions, testing and more ...

@Very Special Thanks to

Jorrit Tyberghein, for his great 3D engine (Crystal Space), for the continuous and passionate support to our team, quaternions and other e=mc2 things.

Frank "res" Richter, from Crystal Space team, for continuous support on lighting, performances and stability.

www.teamix.de for providing the necessary hardware and bandwidth.

All the former developers for their work and contributions to PlaneShift.

.... and to all our players, fans and supporters!

@Be sure to read the other credits files in docs directory to have a full list of developers of previous releases.

Sonora font is used with permission of the author: Christian Texier (christian.texier.pagespro-orange.fr)